can epsilon change with performance? It's possible but not implemented. At
    least for dynamic matcher, the time window is probably fairly large
    so epsilon does not need to be tuned carefully.

May 24: trillfinder.srp does a fair job of finding potential trills. Sometimes,
performers play trills that are not in the score.

Currently, trillfinder is run in test_common.srp, but we really should make a
separate program that looks at ALL pieces. For every piece, look at ALL
performances and build trill annotations (labels) for all the trills. (There is
no penalty for not playing a trill, but there is a penalty for playing trill
notes that are not matched to annotated trills.)

Then, the program should output a label file. These all have to be manually
checked and adjusted, so they should be written to something like 
"trill_finder_labels.txt" whereas the human-edited version will be
"midi_score_labels.txt".

Finally, there was at least one example where a trill had 4 repetitions of
one pitch, but the other was played only 3 times, so it was not detected.
When we get overlapping runs of rapidly repeated notes (part 2 of trill
finding), we should check that the pitches are within 1 or 2 semitones.
Otherwise, it is not a trill. Then, if we end up with repeated notes from
t1 to t2 that have no 2nd pitch (no overlap with another repeated pitch),
we should look in the score over a time period that starts 125 msec before
and ends 125 msec after. Search for pitches at +1, +2, -1 and -2. If you
find at least 2 pitches within 250 msec, add that pitch as the 2nd pitch
of the trill. (If there is more than one candidate, pick the one with the
most pitches -- it should be 3 at the most since it was not detected
in the initial pass that looks for runs of 4 pitches.) If there are 2 or
more candidates with 3 pitches, include them all and print a warning message.

Currently, I put labels in with the asap database files, but they are not
part of asap, so they should be in a a parallel directory structure and
stored on github.  We can tell github to exclude trill_finder_labels.txt
files since these are machine generated.


